{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww9020\viewh7500\viewkind0
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 MinesX overview\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 The object of MinesX is to locate all the mines as quickly as possible without uncovering any of them. If you uncover a mine, you lose the game.\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf0 To play MinesX\
\pard\tx720\li720\fi-360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 On the 
\f0\b Game
\f1\b0  menu, click 
\f0\b New
\f1\b0 . \
Click any square on the playing field. \
Click on smily button.\
Press 
\f0\b Command-N 
\f1\b0 on keyboard.\
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Notes\
\pard\li720\fi-360\sa100\ql\qnatural
\cf0 You can 
\f0\b uncover
\f1\b0  a square by 
\f0\b clicking
\f1\b0  it. If you uncover a mine, you lose the game. \
If a number appears on a square, it indicates how many mines are in the eight squares that surround the numbered one. \
To 
\f0\b mark
\f1\b0  a square you suspect contains a mine, 
\f0\b control-click
\f1\b0  it. \
The game area consists of the playing field, level control and a timer.\
To apply just changed game level you should start new game.
\fs24 \
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Strategies and tips\
\pard\li720\fi-360\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0  \

\fs26 If you have marked all the mines around a numbered square, you can uncover the remaining squares around it by clicking the numbered square with the pressed 
\f0\b option key
\f1\b0 . If not all mines surrounding the numbered square have been marked, the remaining covered or unmarked squares will appear to be depressed. Note: if you have wrong marked cell you may lose the game.\
Look for common patterns in numbers, which often indicate a corresponding pattern of mines. For example, the pattern 2-3-2 at the edge of a group of uncovered squares indicates a row of three mines next to the three numbers. \
}